Capitalism with Kindness

I have had a thought for a while that does not seem to go away. How can I contribute to making my community and hopefully, at some point, the word a better place. Despite the world being ran by the most popular morons and friends. So I have wondered is it possible to create a business entity that would act in the community’s best interest without anyone person or group being able to exploit it for their personal gain. While I don’t believe you can 100 percent secure any system from abuse and it still be usable and useful. I do believe it could become very close with the existence of Hyperledgers and possibly cryptocurrencies. The use of Hyperledger, x509 certificates, and filter IP address based on geolocation and threat history, could result in a voting systems that would be hard to corrupt or a very clear trail to abusers.

	In my personal opinion the company should operate completely in the public domain. What does this mean. All board meeting should be recorded and published. All financial records and pay roll are published and easily accessible. Interactions by employees with the public should be recorded and accessible as well. There should be exceptions to this if it has to do with counseling, medical issues, or any other circumstance that majority of people agree that the interaction should be kept private. Board members should be elected. Top layer of management should be elected and board approved. Firing of an employee should be approved by The layer of management above entity that wants the employee fired. Performance reviews and bonuses should always come from the public. If the company folds it should be a legal requirement, after all depts are settled, any profits from dissolution of company will go to charities based on the publics choice.
  
	What might this company do? In my mind, anything to make money legally. For example, act as a payment gateway for any type of fund raising event. Be it car washes, selling food/candy items, labor for whatever. Then with the profits, use them for whatever project the people voted for and on a percentage scale. Personally I would like to see it operate community gardens on a large of scale as possible, using various method from tradition to aeroponics. Be involved with activities for kids from Sports to STEM. I would like to see an IP TV or Youtube like system put in place for broadcasting all community based activities. So grandparents can safely watch their grandchildren From a TV or any other device. Another example is Jane Doe does a web episode on making a meal that is healthy and tastes good, while John does an episode on basic car maintenance. If “triggered” by the example, please mentally switch names on roles. However whatever the company does should be decided by vote of community members.
  
	What I would not like to see is this one company becoming national or global in reach. I would like to see this become a template for any and every community to use. I would highly encourage a community to take interested in, and help other communities on a national and global scale with funds and information.
  
Things I don’t know:

How to legally form the company and protect it legally internally and externally.

The full technical scope of hyperledger and how much information and be stored in a transaction and how much computing power and storage is needed and at what state would it be too expensive to operate or unusable due to lack of computing resources.

How to effectively communicate this idea so that it will grow interest and evolve to fit any communities needs.
